# Translation results

When the `kleio-server` translates a file
it produces several an xml file with
the data generated by the translation 
plus a certain number of files with
reports and temporary results.

These files have the same name as the original kleio source
and different extensions.

Example:

    -rw-rw-r--  1 jrc  staff   2175 Mar 28 16:25 docsregiospontepisc.cli
    -rw-rw-r--  1 jrc  staff    113 Mar 28 16:25 docsregiospontepisc.err
    -rw-r--r--  1 jrc  staff    805 Mar 28 16:25 docsregiospontepisc.files.json
    -rw-rw-r--  1 jrc  staff   2246 Mar 28 16:25 docsregiospontepisc.org
    -rw-rw-r--  1 jrc  staff   1614 Mar 28 16:25 docsregiospontepisc.rpt
    -rw-rw-r--  1 jrc  staff  46391 Mar 28 16:25 docsregiospontepisc.xml

Meaning of the various file extensions
* cli
  * file with the kleio source. This file is regenerated
    after translation with automatics ids in each group, but
    only if there were no errors in the translation.
* xml
  * file with person oriented data for import in MHK and Timelink
* err
  * file with the number of errors and warnings in line 3 and 4
* rpt
  * file with a report of the translations with error lines identified
* org
  * The original kleio source before being translated (no automatic ids)
* old
  * Version of the kleio file before translation. Kept if something
    went wrong in the generation of ids for the new .cli file.
* files.json
  * JSON file with the names of the files used for this translation,
    including the `str` file; also includes number of errors and warnings;
    this file is only generated upon sucessful translation.
* ids
  * This is an itermediate file produced during translation 
    thatwith a formatted copy of the original `kleio` file
    with explicit ids. If there are no errors in the translation
    the file is renamed with the `cli` extension and the original
    `.cli` file is renamed `.old`. 


Example of a `.files.json` file:

```json
{
  "errors":0,
  "kleio_file":"/Users/jrc/develop/timelink-kleio/tests/kleio-home/sources/api/varia/auc_cartulario18.cli",
  "kleio_original":"/Users/jrc/develop/timelink-kleio/tests/kleio-home/sources/api/varia/auc_cartulario18.org",
  "kleio_previous":"/Users/jrc/develop/timelink-kleio/tests/kleio-home/sources/api/varia/auc_cartulario18.old",
  "kleio_rpt":"/Users/jrc/develop/timelink-kleio/tests/kleio-home/sources/api/varia/auc_cartulario18.rpt",
  "stru":"/Users/jrc/develop/timelink-kleio/tests/kleio-home/structures/api/varia/auc_cartulario18.str",
  "stru_json":"/Users/jrc/develop/timelink-kleio/tests/kleio-home/structures/api/varia/auc_cartulario18.str.json",
  "stru_rpt":"/Users/jrc/develop/timelink-kleio/tests/kleio-home/structures/api/varia/auc_cartulario18.srpt",
  "warnings":0
}
```
    